[DESMOND]
Hey! Can you hear us?
[ELYSE]
Thaddeus!
[JAIME]
We're right here!
[THADDEUS]
I can hear you!
HELP!
Well, it is our second week of class,
and things are not going good.
We combined all the money that the students
gave us and bought ourselves a camera,
which, during our first scene...
(DESMOND)
"I might not be from this neighborhood,
but I know those girls..."
...got [tihs]canned immediately.
So you know what? Screw it,
we're shooting the whole thing iPhone style.
Then Thaddeus thought it'd
be cool to ask if he could...
(THADDEUS)
—go to the bathroom?
(JAIME)
If it's longer than two minutes, we'll know what's up!
...but I should've told him
where the damn toilet was,
'cause he took a right turn down the wrong hole
that the owner explicitly warned me about.
(RHODA MAY)
We don't even know where this goes.
and now I've had a student stuck
in the walls for over three hours...
[THADDEUS]
How many days has it been?
[CLAIRE]
It's the same day.
[DESMOND]
Can anyone tell where he is now?
[THADDEUS (REPEATEDLY)]
I'm right here!
[KADEN]
Dude, we need you to stay still!
[THADDEUS]
Well, I don't feel like it!
...and we got about two weeks
left to finish this thing.
[THADDEUS (MUFFLED)]
HELP!
[MAZEY]
Oh my God, he's in the [gnikcuf] ceiling!
[RIMMER]
All right.
[THADDEUS (MUFFLED)]
HELP!
[OPENING THEME]
🎵 Give me a camera to flirt with 🎵
🎵 An Oscar, I deserve it 🎵
🎵 the lights, 🎵
🎵 the fame, 🎵
🎵 the press, 🎵
🎵 this game, 🎵
🎵 I play it every day! 🎵
[CLAIRE]
It's time to kill him with our vaginas!
[ELYSE]
That's what he gets for running out of chocolates.
[JAIME]
Cut, cut. I'm not buying this.
That's what I've been telling her.
I was talking about you, Claire.
[Tihs].
Your character is called "Hot Girl Demon",
and that is not a hot person's voice.
Yeah, well, it's my voice.
[RIMMER]
I get that, but now, just try it hotter, alright?
Like— Elyse, say... anything.
"Koala".
Yeah, see how she said that?
"Koala", like kind of a little sluttiness to it.
[JAIME]
Ugh. Alex, can you just get up there
and show her how to slut?
Alright, here. Claire, get out of the way,
I'm gonna be you for a sec.
[CLAIRE]
You know I studied Groundlings
for three years, right?
[DESMOND]
You went to Groundlings?
Don't be an idiot.
I studied about the school.
Okay. All right.
Now I need you to look into that camera and say:
"I'm gonna make him come till he's dead!
[RHODA MAY]
Oh, are you?
This gay shit ends now!
Rhoda! I— I can explain this!
Explain it to my big asshole.
[ELYSE]
What part of the script is this?
This theater is the only thing
my grandmother left me,
and you're defiling it with an acting class!
[DESMOND]
I'm sorry, what's wrong with acting?
Go look in the mirror, homo!
Hey, my grandma's dying, bitch!
Ma'am, I swear to you, Mr. Rimmer is trying his best
to make us the heterosexuals
that God intended us to be.
Please...
...some of us really need this.
Trans!
[MAZEY]
Danger!
DID EVERYONE SEE THAT?
Your building almost killed us,
and we got the whole thing on camera, bitch!
GIVE ME THAT PHONE!
AAAAHH!!
Assault, assault, assault!
RHODA MAY: Give me that phone!
RIMMER: HELP!
[RIMMER]
Ow!
God damn it!
No! No! Back! Back!
[RHODA MAY]
Gay! Gay!
Stupid! You're [gnikcuf] stupid!
Don't you dare go down there!
[Tihs].
I swear to God, when I catch you,
I'mma turn you straight with my bare fucking hands!
[RICKY MAY]
Sugar plum, I'm coming!
Sugar plum?
You asswipes! We have no idea where
that goes and now my wife is missing!
[DESMOND]
Wait, you're straight?
AGH!
[JAIME]
Here. We can use this to find our way back.
Don't worry, cupcake.
We'll find your wife.
[CLAIRE]
...and our teacher.
Yes, and him.
Let's go, people.
[DESMOND]
Ow! Claire!
[CLAIRE]
No, get off of me!
[ELYSE]
Someone's touching me.
[RICKY MAY]
Stay where you are, sweetheart!
Me and the rugged cowboy are coming to find you!
[JAIME]
So you think I'm rugged?
Oh, shut up! I think everyone's rugged.
We're coming, sweetheart!
I am not getting in a tight space
with a bunch of theater kids.
Plus, we're getting evicted now, so I gotta
find us a new space to film this movie.
[KADEN]
Ooh. Morning, ma'am.
[LILLIAN BALL]
Shit!
Sweetheart! The homeless
finally found our neighborhood!
I'm not homeless!
Oh, really?
Uh, well, actually, I am, but I'm not here—
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! Le— let me explain.
ASSAULT!!!!
[VICTOR BALL]
What's the meaning of this?
Hi there. Are you Mr. Ball?
Perhaps I am, perhaps I'm not.
But if you think you're going to
[kcuf] my wife, I'll have you know...
I'm bisexual.
Well, I'm not trying to do that, but I am here—
Wait, wait, sir! I'm– I'm one of
the stage hands producing your son's movie.
Don't mention that infernal thing in this house!
No one must ever know we have anything
to do with that filth, do you understand?!
[PRESTON BALL]
Mother? Father? Who are you talking to?
Th– the electrician, sweetheart.
The electricity is fine.
Oh, so it is!
Please fuck off.
Wait, wait, wait, sir! We– we just got evicted and
we have nowhere else to work on... your...
...electricity.
That's your bullshit to worry about.
Handle it.
Bye!
See, most guys would've said "fuck it",
and went home for the rest of the day,
but I'm not most guys. I'm not even a guy.
I identify as "Kaden, dick",
and I don't take no for an answer.
[RIMMER (WHIPSERING)]
Is she still down there?
[CAMERAMAN (WHIPSERING)]
No, no, you're good.
Alright, we're gonna sneak
out of here really quiet, and...
[RHODA MAY]
GIVE ME THAT PHONE!!!!
[RIMMER SCREAMS FOR HIS LIFE]
No! No! Give it back!
Too late! It's in my tits!
Well, you're too late. It's on the cloud!
Well, the only cloud I believe in is Jesus!
Well, Jesus doesn't have the video
that I'm gonna sue you with, bitch!
[STRANGE NOISE BEGINS]
What the hell is that?
I hear something...
It's coming from over here.
[RIMMER]
Okay, okay, okay.
It's coming from behind this solid brick wall.
["BRICK WALL" NO LONGER BECOMES SOLID]
What the [kcuf] is that?
It's a secret passageway, you asshole.
Okay, I didn't become an acting teacher to die.
Cameraman, I need you to go first.
Yeah, come on, get your ass in there.
Just go first, see if it's safe.
[CAMERAMAN]
Hello?
[STRANGE NOISE CONTINUES]
Okay, coast is clear.
The hell is this place?
I don't know, but I could've made this an Airbnb.
Is this part of your theater?
I don't know if this is a part of reality.
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
It's coming from over there...
[STRANGE NOISE GETS LOUDER]
[STRANGE NOISE (REPEATEDLY)]
"Out of paper."
I don't know what is going on right now, but we
are solving a mystery and nothing else matters.
Lord Jesus, I know exactly where we are.
I just didn't think this place still existed.
Where are we exactly?
Where my grandmother fought God's fight.
[ELYSE]
Mr. Rimmer, can you hear us?
[CLAIRE]
I never thought I'd die in a wall
with such mediocre talent.
[DESMOND]
Guys, we have a problem.
Does anyone remember the way back?
[EVERYONE]
AAAAAAAHH!!!!
[RICKY MAY]
Oh shit! We got separated from 'em!
[JAIME]
Oh, you've gotta be kidding me!
Separated?
How did that happen?
Ricky, calm down, okay?
We will find your homophobic wife, I promise.
Now let's go.
Wait.
Thank you.
You being here is the only thing
keeping me together right now.
Oh, well...
[THADDEUS]
Oh my God, you finally found me!
A criminal!
Actually, he's a cop.
Now you gotta get me out of here!
I can't drink any more of my own piss!
Oh, boohoo. We've all drunk piss.
AEUGH!
[RHODA MAY]
You know what? Fuck it, I'mma
take this picture home with me.
[RIMMER]
Let's not and say we did.
It's stuck!
That's probably 'cause we shouldn't
steal from this place.
Bitch, I own this place!
Oh, shit!
Well, look at that.
Your grandma had a few secrets.
(RAMONA MAY)
Hello there.
And thank you for being straight.
I'm your new boss.
And God loves me!
We produce quality pamphlets:
"50 Reasons Why I Better Be Straight".
We spent weeks researching the
best parts of being heterosexual.
BELOW LINES ARE FOR OTHER LANGUAGES
"Monster trucks."
BELOW LINES ARE FOR OTHER LANGUAGES
"Marriage."
"Excellent!"
It would be your job to distribute
these pamphlets to places where gays like to go,
like stores that sell ice cream,
or balloons.
So welcome aboard,
and thank you for helping me straighten
up the world just a little bit!
[RHODA MAY]
Rest in peace, Grandma.
[RIMMER]
Wait, so you only hate gay people
because someone else told you to?
Why else would I?
They're loud, they're late, they're bad with money;
if you're gonna be a homophobe,
at least stand on your own morals.
[MAZEY]
Oh, look! There's a Twinkie!
[DESMOND]
Grandma, please don't eat that!
I eat what I want.
[CLAIRE]
Guys, I think I found something over here.
[ELYSE]
Ooh! What is it?
It's a secret passageway, you ass[eloh].
Mr. Rimmer, are you in here?
Hello?
Smells like butt sex in here.
Language, Grandma.
[RIMMER]
Well, that's one tape down, two more to go.
(RAMONA MAY)
What you're about to see is proof
that my son, Cromwell...
is a homosexual!
She said my daddy joined the circus!
He belongs in the circus!
[RHODA MAY INCHES CLOSER TO FAINTING]
Every day he brings his baby
into my office and asks:
"Do you mind watching it
while I go off for an hour?"
An hour?
How can I say no?
But one day, when he drops that thing off,
I decided, "Screw this. I'm following him!"
And what I discovered broke my very soul.
My son had secretly built
a room in my office building
where he can privately carry out
his sick obsession for...
"What is he into? Oh Lord, they got my son..."
(CROMWELL (SINGING))
"...forever..."
"Gotta give showbiz a try, a try!"
"What are you up to back here?"
(CROMWELL)
"It's art, mother!"
(RAMONA MAY)
"You wanna be gay?!"
"You're a father, for Christ's sake!"
"A father who's tired of living a lie!"
"NO!"
"I'm gonna raise her to be
whatever she wants to be!"
"AUGH! GOD, NO!!"
But fate had other plans...
Thank the Lord my grandbaby survived!
I'm gonna raise this child to be
the straight savior my son needed!
[RHODA MAY]
OH, LORD!
[DESMOND]
I know that scream!
Someone's getting diddled!
[RIMMER]
Well, would you look at that.
You've got gay blood in your genes, woman.
My grandmother would've told me if
my father was a filthy fudge pusher.
You know, you've really gotta give gays a chance.
Your hair might look fine.
[ELYSE]
And that's why in 2019, Mattel released a line
of disabled Barbies for a more inclusive range.
[MAZEY]
Sorry, who are you again?
I'm Elyse.
I'm your classmate.
I'm in a class?
Yes, you and your grandson...
[MAZEY + ELYSE]
SHIT!
We got separated from them!
[DESMOND]
Thank God we got separated from them.
[CLAIRE]
Seriously...
Wait, isn't that your grandmother?
Yeah, she's a sturdy girl, she'll be alright.
Isn't she, like, dying?
Yeah, well, there's that.
*stifled laughter*
How about "mind your [gnikcuf] business", Claire?
Do you wanna go over lines?
Really?
We're missing.
Your dying grandmother is missing.
But yeah, we should go over lines.
"You're gonna drain my life force
just because I ran out of chocolate?"
"Oh, my dear..."
"That's what you get for not being able
to satisfy a demon's cravings."
"NOOOOOOOO!!!"
Not bad.
Thanks.
You think you're gonna pursue acting
after your grandmother... you know...
Probably not, I... I don't know.
I haven't really thought that far ahead yet.
Isn't she, like, about to go?
Oh yeah, she's toast.
Do you have any dreams of
not being a waiter anymore?
Why don't you mind your own [gnikcuf] business, Desmond?
[JAIME]
Alright. New plan, guys.
Maybe we can find them from the other side.
Ricky, what's around the
back side of the building?
[RICKY MAY]
We've never been around the
back side of the building!
OH MY GOD!
You mean to tell me we've been sitting
on this gold mine all these years?!
This could've been an Airbnb!
[THADDEUS]
Yeah, but it looks like shit.
[ELYSE]
Oh my God! Electricity!
We're literally saved!
Mazey, would you like to do the honors?
I'm not touching that shit.
Well, I'm not the one dying.
Well, you should be.
Ugh, I'll do it. Jesus.
AAAAGH!
[RHODA MAY]
Oh, thank God! They came to save me!
Help! Help!
This acting teacher is trying to diddle my soul!
You'll never catch me, asshole!
Help!
This acting teacher trying to diddle my soul!
[LILLIAN BALL]
Do they know their deadline, dear?
[VICTOR BALL]
I told them "three weeks" a week ago.
I'm surprised that Rimmer boy isn't hauling ass
since you promised him an acting career.
You're not actually following
through with that, are you?
Are you kidding me?
No one is more uncastable than that mushroom tip.
It's better that he learns
rejection early in his career...
...if he even has one.
[VILLANOUS LAUGHTER]
[PRESTON BALL]
Mother! Father!
The electrician is spying on you sunbathing!
Shit!
[RHODA MAY]
Yes, the daylight! Ooh, an exit!
HELP!
These homosexuals are keeping me locked up!
[THADDEUS]
Get back! Your building's got squatters!
Oh my God, they shooting at me!
[MAZEY]
Just walk it off, you'll be fine.
[RHODA MAY]
Oh, thank God! You lesbians just have to help me!
I'm not a lesbian, I'm American!
[RIMMER]
RHODA, WAIT!
Get back, you fruit cup!
When I make it out of this maze,
I'mma have you all locked up!
You can do whatever you want, but first,
watch the last tape.
[VICTOR BALL]
How much did you hear?
[KADEN]
Enough to know there's no point
in doing this job anymore.
Hey, you know what your parents are making me do?
[PRESTON BALL]
WHAT?
[KADEN]
These dicks are—
[VICTOR BALL]
—making you accept $1,000.
[LILLIAN BALL]
And there's much more where that came from!
Who knew the electrical business was so... dramatic?
Glad I'm sticking to film.
[KADEN]
You're a piece of shit, you know that?
[VICTOR BALL]
It takes one to know one!
I might be a real piece of shit,
but I've won seven Oscars, ASSHOLE!
Yeah, but have you ever made anything?
I've financed HUNDREDS of films!
But have you ever sat behind a camera
and actually made creative choices?
Have you ever spent your rent money on a project
because creating is literally
more important than your own needs?
HAVE YOU?!
No.
But I am constantly around people
who have no other choice
but to express themselves as loudly
as possible, otherwise they'll explode.
(CROMWELL)
"This video is for my girl Rhoda May."
"A baby right now,
but a star one day."
"Lights up!"
"Our story begins with a..."
[KADEN (V.O.)]
There are people who actually enjoy making stuff,
and I've seen firsthand the effect that making art has on them,
[KADEN (V.O.)]
and the way it moves people when they watch it,
and the way it brings them
together when they make it.
[KADEN SCOFFS]
You're a businessman.
And you have no right toying with the dreams of creatives
just because you never were one.
(CROMWELL)
"Wherever you are, my sweetheart,
just know I love you very much."
"May you shine your brightest, and encourage
those around you to shine just as bright."
[KADEN (V.O.)]
But you wouldn't understand this feeling,
because you don't make movies, sir.
[KADEN]
But you wouldn't understand this feeling,
because you don't make movies, sir.
You make products.
[PRESTON BALL]
What the FUCK did that
have to do with electricity?!
[RHODA MAY]
That theater was a place
my father could be himself.
And I've been taking that away
from so many people...
[RIMMER]
Rhoda, it's not too late to
use your theater for good.
And people come to an acting class because it's a safe place
for them to be themselves at the loudest possible volume.
I've never been myself at a loud volume.
Yeah.
Yeah, you're- you're pretty quiet.
So y'all making a movie?
Well, only if you really think about it.
I want a role in this movie.
Well, here's the thing: we've already
cast the whole production...
[RHODA]
And you can use this whole building as a set!
Welcome to the cast!
[RHODA GIGGLES]
[RIMMER]
Guys, I got some good news:
Ricky and Rhoda May
have generously donated
this whole building for us
to shoot all of our scenes in!
[MAZEY]
Oh, yeah!
Now let's make you the best goddamn actors
this side of Mulholland Drive!
[JAIME]
And- and let's get it all on camera!
Yeah!
We need to celebrate! Who wants pizza?
Someone get an order going.
I'm already on it!
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[KADEN (V.O.)]
Part of me feels guilty letting him
do all this for nothing, but...
I mean, look at him.
Would you tell a puppy they're getting put down?
No.
You just let them have their bone.
So they tell me I'm dying,
and that really sucks.
'Cause I really like this church
and all the people in it too.
The pastor woman,
the security guard,
those possessed sisters,
my cousin and the big baby.
I'm the only one who sees
these people for who they are.
Just like I'm the only one that saw who
loosened the stage lights that would fall.
BELOW LINES ARE FOR OTHER LANGUAGES
[CAMERAMAN]
Someone loosened it?
Loosened what?
BELOW LINES ARE FOR OTHER LANGUAGES
The stage light.
What about it?
BELOW LINES ARE FOR OTHER LANGUAGES
Someone loosened it.
So you saw it too!
[ALEX RIMMER LEARNS HOW TO DAB]
CLASS ACTS: EPISODE FOUR ("Acting is Gay") | A TV30 PRESENTATION | EN-US SUBTITLES
ORIGINAL SUBTITLES BY BRANDON ROGERS (https://linktr.ee/brandonbored)
PUNCTUATION AND TWEAKS BY ERYMANTHUS | U/RAYDEEUX (https://github.com/raydeeux)
QUESTIONS? CONCERNS? https://github.com/raydeeux/hotbananastud-fansubs
SUBTITLES EDITED USING VISUAL STUDIO CODE AND ZARCHIVER
SUBTITLES TESTED ON VLC MEDIA PLAYER FOR WINDOWS 10, MACOS SONOMA, AND ANDROID 13
ORIGINAL CHARCTERS BY BRANDON ROGERS (https://linktr.ee/brandonbored)
ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO RESPECTIVE OWNERS.
ORIGINAL VIDEO: https://youtube.com/embed/lFsbm5Poriw
THIS SUBTITLE FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE UNDER THE TERMS OF THE OPEN DATABASE LICENSE:
http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1.0/.
FOR A PLAIN LANGUAGE SUMMARY, SEE BELOW:
https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/summary/